[SPEAKER_05]: Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of November 7th, 2005.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello, everybody.
[SPEAKER_05]: Once again, you're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's the podcast dedicated to video games that don't suck.
[SPEAKER_05]: But sometimes we have to talk about a few games that do suck, only to tell you to stay far, far away from them.
[SPEAKER_05]: My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
[SPEAKER_05]: Joining me, as always, actually back from a little vacation, is DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not really a vacation, seeing as how I was working my ass off during all that time.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, okay, but a vacation from the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Did you miss us?
[SPEAKER_05]: My aim's improving.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's what I thought you'd say.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, ironically enough, even though you're out past two weeks, you're not going to be here next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope I get to meet Adam Curry's hair.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, Adam Curry.
[SPEAKER_05]: Be awesome.
[SPEAKER_05]: He's so fabulous!
[SPEAKER_05]: I know, he's the man.
[SPEAKER_05]: I hate to keep bringing up his hair, but I really am just enamored with it.
[SPEAKER_05]: How could you not?
[SPEAKER_05]: If you watched MTV in the 80s, how could you not?
[SPEAKER_02]: When I was old enough to appreciate boys, I was enamored of him, I have to say.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, also joining us, someone who's still not old enough to appreciate boys, it's Loki!
[SPEAKER_05]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_05]: Bad joke, forget it.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's up?
[SPEAKER_05]: Not much.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm in one of those moods tonight, as I mentioned on the live three-hour program that's on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_05]: How you doing?
[SPEAKER_05]: How was your week, Loki?
[SPEAKER_04]: My week was good.
[SPEAKER_04]: I killed lots of my boss and other people at the same time.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, seeing as how school and everything has been kicking my butt, I did, however, get Guitar Hero on Friday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Been playing the crap out of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, it's more or less me playing more than I feel and on repeat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I love that song.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, it wasn't until I played it on your TV that I ever started missing more than one note in a row.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, jeez, sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, it's because I'm standing up and looking down and have this killer of a headache, but...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's all perspective.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I would have done better had I been sitting down.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you have to sort of stand and rock out with that guitar, you know?
[SPEAKER_02]: And then...
[SPEAKER_02]: Really, it's been, you know, it's hard for me to get to my TV because Dan's been going on a Star Wars kick lately.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is he playing the Battlefront 2 game?
[SPEAKER_02]: No, he's freaking watching Episode 3 and then went back and watched the others.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, that kind of Star Wars kick.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I hear, you know, just this bad acting coming out of Hayden Christensen and I'm like, oh, no.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, George Lucas owes me $30.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_04]: My week was good.
[SPEAKER_04]: I actually was playing more PSP stuff than anything, which is pretty interesting, complete opposite of before.
[SPEAKER_04]: What I've been playing lately has been Grand Theft Auto, and what it is is we've got four copies in the office at work, and the four of us go down every break twice a day and do four-player deathmatch games.
[SPEAKER_04]: and lately it's been pretty good.
[SPEAKER_04]: My boss has been getting a lot better, but I kicked the crap out of all of them the other day with my Janet Reno character who's a kick-ass sharpshooter with a rocket launcher.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm pretty deadly with that thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's funny seeing Janet Reno run around with a chainsaw and murder people, but don't underestimate old women.
[SPEAKER_05]: The multiplayer is really fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: The only thing though is I'm not really interested in the other multiplayer modes like the capture the flag and stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: I haven't played the console version of Star Wars Battlefront 2 yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: so I can't really compare the two but it did seem pretty plain to me like very the levels remind me of stuff that might have been on say the PlayStation like the original PlayStation stuff so but other than that it was pretty fun I mean I did have trouble with seeing some of the characters because they kind of blended into the background so that kind of sucked but the space battles and stuff were pretty fun and I was just kind of reminded me of some of the older games for the PlayStation 1 though I can't remember the title off the top of my head but
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, I was promising last week on the podcast that I would actually be giving a review of the Taito collection that was recently released for Xbox.
[SPEAKER_05]: However, I'm tabling that yet another week because I bought a game this week that kind of took up most of my game time, and that was Guitar Hero.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know all three of us have mentioned it now, but I really did.
[SPEAKER_05]: I picked up Guitar Hero.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's awesome.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a great music game.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like Fuse...
[SPEAKER_05]: Guitar Freaks, the Konami Guitar Freaks game.
[SPEAKER_05]: If you've ever played it, fuse that with amplitude frequency, and it's really what you've got here.
[SPEAKER_05]: Except, you know, it's not really a Guitar Freaks clone.
[SPEAKER_05]: It really does improve, I think, on that.
[SPEAKER_05]: In fact, it doesn't even really seem inspired by Guitar Freaks as much as it does seem inspired by frequency and amplitude.
[SPEAKER_05]: And to some extent, Karaoke Revolution as well, because Harmonix developed that game as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I think those of you guys that are kind of missing...
[SPEAKER_05]: Frequency and Amplitude in those games, you're going to really enjoy Guitar Hero.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's pretty much the same idea with the ISO, notes kind of falling down, and great song list.
[SPEAKER_05]: Freeze pops back, a lot of unsigned bands, great, great cover songs in this game.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're not the actual songs, but they sound so much like them, it's very hard to tell the difference.
[SPEAKER_05]: Harmonix did an outstanding job on this game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Red Octane put together a very good controller for the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: The controller is solid.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's even got a whammy bar, people.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's got a whammy bar.
[SPEAKER_05]: What more do I need to say?
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a great game.
[SPEAKER_05]: I hope there's a sequel.
[SPEAKER_05]: Even if you're not that into music games, I think Guitar Hero is something very accessible.
[SPEAKER_05]: What I like about Guitar Hero, what I really like is the art direction.
[SPEAKER_05]: The artwork is outstanding.
[SPEAKER_05]: The way the game is put together is great.
[SPEAKER_05]: But where I think Guitar Hero really shines is it's not put together like most of Konami's Bomani games where you walk up, play your game, leave.
[SPEAKER_05]: What I like about Guitar Heroes is it's got that little story mode that kind of, you know, it makes all these little extras so much fun, like getting to see your review of how you did in the paper and having the, you know, blow up and the guitar, you know, spinning around when you're doing a really good job and just setting it on fire when you're done.
[SPEAKER_05]: and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just amazing the way they have it all put together is great.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I highly recommend Guitar Hero if you're a music game fan.
[SPEAKER_05]: If you're not a music game fan, I do still recommend you check it out at least.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's one of the more accessible games and I'm definitely looking forward to Guitar Hero 2, which I think would be a given at this point because I did not just spend $70 on game and controller for there to only be this one game, okay?
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, now since it's been a little while since DarkSakura's been able to be on the program, we have to start off tonight, because she's got a little catch-up to do, and you know that you missed it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's the one and only advice column, because you guys, if we stayed home and played video games all day long, we'd have no time to go out and set guitars on fire.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rock.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, DarkSakura, why don't you tell us what your advice column is all about tonight?
[SPEAKER_02]: Today's piece of advice is how to escape from the trunk of a car.
[SPEAKER_02]: First of all, if you're dumb enough to get stuck in the trunk of a car, you shouldn't have my mercy, but let's go ahead and be nice anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Number one, if you're in a trunk that is up against the backseat of a car, try to get the seats down.
[SPEAKER_02]: Number two, if the trunk has a cable release, pull on it to release the latch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did I think any car built after, what was it, 86 was it?
[SPEAKER_02]: 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: Look for tools to pry the latch open.
[SPEAKER_02]: Many cars have emergency kits under the spare tire.
[SPEAKER_02]: Use a screwdriver or crowbar to open the latch. 4.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dismantle the car's brake lights by yanking wires and kicking the lights out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then wave and yell and signal to passersby or other cars.
[SPEAKER_02]: But my final piece of advice?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just don't get stuck in the trunk.
[SPEAKER_02]: God.
[SPEAKER_04]: Don't make friends who are in the mafia.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, don't make friends who are in the mafia.
[SPEAKER_05]: And don't try to sneak people into drive-thrus and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: Or not drive-thrus, drive-ins.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember, though, at, what was it, Spiggle 2?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, Sunnyvale Golf Land, DR. Right, where we do lanky style in the backseat of Iguana, in the trunk of Iguana Girls' car.
[SPEAKER_05]: So we could all make it over to Lion's, I remember that now, the restaurant.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hilarious.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have never seen paleness.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, not even a week later, here it is, an announcement going out that Play, a video game symphony, which is being put together by JMP Productions, who is the team behind Dear Friends, music from Final Fantasy, they are going to go on a worldwide tour.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to kick off in North America sometime in the year 2006, and it's going to have music from Battlefield 1942, World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy, The Elder Scrolls III, and much, much more.
[SPEAKER_05]: The maestro will be Arnie Roth, who I believe was the man at More Friends.
[SPEAKER_05]: I might be getting that wrong.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, is this a concert that sounds like something you'd want to go to?
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe get a little culture with your game?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I listen to real classical music, but I don't know that it would be worth the ticket unless they actually put stuff that people actually play.
[SPEAKER_02]: Lots of people play World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not anything I have any interest in.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe if it was console games.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, okay, I guess that's true, because most of those games we named off there were PC games.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you've got to assume that there's going to be some console in there, too.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, Final Fantasy console, but we've seen that before.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe, maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: Everything that you've named off are MMOs.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, not Battlefield 1942.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, yeah, Battlefield 1942.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_05]: But that's still very, it's kind of more known as a PC title, I think.
[SPEAKER_04]: Null of Scrolls isn't an MMO either.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not an MMO, but it's... PC games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, they're all PC games, or at least... We need a console series like that.
[SPEAKER_05]: So as long as it's an expansive, eclectic, but not like where they're including Pong and Donkey Kong or whatever that other... Pong had no freaking music in it.
[SPEAKER_05]: That other tour is promising.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, we're going to go into another story here, and this has to do, you know we love to talk about video games being made into movies, just because it's happened so much this year, honestly, we've had a lot of gaming news.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, the next one out the gate looks like it's going to be Castlevania, that's right, Crystal Sky Pictures.
[SPEAKER_05]: has picked up the rights to adapt Castlevania and attached to direct Paul W.S.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anderson.
[SPEAKER_05]: Paul W.S.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anderson is the man behind Resident Evil and Mortal Kombat, which were pretty decent video game adaptations.
[SPEAKER_05]: Granted, better than Alone in the Dark, certainly.
[SPEAKER_05]: But let's not forget he also did Alien vs. Predator.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, what can you do?
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway, so we don't know much about the story just yet.
[SPEAKER_05]: More information to come on this.
[SPEAKER_05]: But what do you guys think?
[SPEAKER_05]: I remember we do this segment on the live show called Listless where we make our top three list of things that should happen within the video game community.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know we did one time.
[SPEAKER_05]: We did video game we would most like to see a movie made out of.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I seem to remember Castlevania being in the top three.
[SPEAKER_05]: So is this a good idea or a bad idea?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'd have to do it right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would be very skeptical.
[SPEAKER_05]: What do you think they could do to help this along?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, not screw up the content, hopefully.
[SPEAKER_04]: Keep true to the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Make sure that the publishers of the game had creative control over it.
[SPEAKER_04]: That would be my guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: Make sure that they're definitely keeping tabs on what's going on with the game so it stays true to the storyline, content, and everything like that.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: What we're going to do now is I promised a little earlier in the show is that we were going to talk a little bit about a follow-up to something we talked about a couple weeks ago.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know if you guys heard about this.
[SPEAKER_05]: Did you guys hear about the King's Quest IX fan project that was going on?
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, you know the King's Quest series was developed by Sierra.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: There wasn't enough demand for these adventure series anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they stopped making the games.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, the fan community, and there's quite a community out there for the King's Quest games, wasn't happy with that answer.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there's some folks that got together and decided they were going to make a fan game.
[SPEAKER_05]: But as we reported on the show a couple weeks ago, Vivendi actually issued a cease and desist against the company that was coming together to make this
[SPEAKER_05]: Thanks for having me.
[SPEAKER_05]: No problem.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, how did you discover the King's Quest IX project?
[SPEAKER_05]: Um...
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, it's been so many years now, I don't really remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: How long has the King's Quest IX project been going on?
[SPEAKER_00]: I believe it's been going on for about four years.
[SPEAKER_05]: For about four years, wow.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's been a long time project in the making.
[SPEAKER_05]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_05]: So what was your reaction to the news that Vivendi had issued the cease and desist against the project?
[SPEAKER_00]: I think like a lot of fans, disappointment.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, sadness and disappointment.
[SPEAKER_05]: So why then did you end up starting the SaveKQIX.org website?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, because I was disappointed and because I knew there were a lot of fans that were disappointed.
[SPEAKER_00]: I just wanted to try to do something to help.
[SPEAKER_00]: I wanted to do something to try to help convince Vivendi to take a look at this and see if there was a way that the game could be released.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, I noticed when I was looking at the website that you guys are kind of taking a unique approach to trying to kind of petition Vivendi, so to speak, to take a second look at what they're doing here.
[SPEAKER_05]: And most people would use like a petition online type website for these sorts of drives.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you guys are advising a letter writing campaign.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why did you decide to do letter writing as opposed to petition online?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, we're actually doing a number of things.
[SPEAKER_00]: One, we're doing the email writing.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we're also doing the letter writing.
[SPEAKER_00]: The reason we're going with email rather than a petition was because we wanted to make sure that when people emailed, it was coming from a legitimate email address.
[SPEAKER_00]: On an online petition, you can just type in whatever email address you want, so it isn't necessarily legitimate.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in the letter writing campaign, we want as many people as possible to take the time to sit down and write a letter, drop it in the mail, because really those letters mean the most to corporations like Vivinti.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, sounds good.
[SPEAKER_05]: So what would be the ideal outcome of this Save King's Quest 9 drive?
[SPEAKER_05]: What do you envision as a realistic possibility for the masses to be able to play the game?
[SPEAKER_00]: Our goal is for the game to be released.
[SPEAKER_00]: Whether it's released as freeware or whether it's released as a legitimate commercial release by Vivendi, we don't really care.
[SPEAKER_00]: We just want the game to be out there so gamers can play it.
[SPEAKER_05]: How big would you say is the community behind this?
[SPEAKER_05]: Because I noticed that the King's Quest community out there is still very large and very active, and part of the reason Vivendi has sort of said they're not going to continue the series in the past is because they don't think they have the support.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it seems to me that there's a very large following out there.
[SPEAKER_05]: How big would you say is the King's Quest following out there?
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, it's hard to give a specific number, but I do believe that there is enough support out there that a commercial release
[SPEAKER_00]: of King's Quest IX would do well.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, adventure games in general are still being released.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, Fahrenheit just came out, The Longest Journey is releasing a sequel, Siberia had two games that sold very well.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I think there still is a pretty good adventure game community out there, but it's hard to put an exact number on it.
[SPEAKER_05]: How would you feel if Vivendi took all this information to see that there was a drive to have the King's Quest series reignited and then they decided to put out their own game as opposed to what these fans have been working on?
[SPEAKER_05]: Is that something you would support?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, we really would like to see this particular King's Quest game be released.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, we would certainly support Vivendi if they decided they wanted to do their own King's Quest game.
[SPEAKER_05]: So you would prefer to see this game released?
[SPEAKER_00]: I would like to see this game released.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'd love to see them allow this game to come out as a fan game, and then they can release their own official version of King's Quest 9.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, so I know we have a lot of PC gaming fans that listen to this program, so how can they help?
[SPEAKER_05]: I know we've talked about writing letters, visiting the website, SaveKQIX.org.
[SPEAKER_05]: How can our listeners best help you guys out if they remember the King's Quest games and would love to see a new entry in the series?
[SPEAKER_00]: The best thing they can do to help is go visit the website, www.SaveKQIX.org.
[SPEAKER_00]: On the website we talk about all the different things that they can do to help.
[SPEAKER_00]: The big thing we're focusing on is sending an email to Vivendi, and we make that very easy to do on our website.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can also blog about us.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can write a letter to Vivendi like we already talked about.
[SPEAKER_00]: Send emails out to all your friends about us.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the other really important thing that we need people to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, so we hope our listeners can help you guys get the word out there.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, thanks, Matt, so much for being on the show today.
[SPEAKER_05]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_05]: So we also decided to contact Caesar, and Caesar is actually involved with the King's Quest IX project itself.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you so much for being on the show today, Caesar.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you very much for having me in your show.
[SPEAKER_01]: With all that's happening on King's Quest IX right now, I'm pretty busy right now, but I can't stop the opportunity on the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, we appreciate you taking the time out to help us out with the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, what is your role with the King's Quest IX project, for those that may not know?
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm basically the project director.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm also the main designer.
[SPEAKER_01]: I basically take the responsibility of having everything going smoothly and handing the assignment to all the people.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I also wrote the script, which came up to be like 1,500 pages, more than 1,500 pages.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's really long.
[SPEAKER_05]: Wow, that's a huge script.
[SPEAKER_05]: Could you tell us a little bit about maybe what the story's about?
[SPEAKER_05]: Does it continue the King's Quest series or is it a new direction?
[SPEAKER_05]: Could you tell us a little bit about the story?
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a little bit of both.
[SPEAKER_01]: We wanted to give some kind of a closure to the King's Quest series, but...
[SPEAKER_01]: It also takes a new direction in the sense that it's a much more darker story.
[SPEAKER_01]: We wanted to create something more for this time, you know, when you see stories like Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings and all that kind of stories that take a much more darker plot.
[SPEAKER_01]: We wanted to take the game into that direction.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you can actually say that it's a mix between King's Quest and Lord of the Rings.
[SPEAKER_01]: All this story, it basically starts when, in the middle of a celebration in the Green Isles, a lot of stuff happens, and Dark Shaman falls into the land, and King Ram sets out to find a way to reverse the spell, and as he does that, he finds out that there's a lot more involved.
[SPEAKER_01]: It
[SPEAKER_01]: It's about a prophecy that has been taking place for a thousand years.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there's societies involved in this.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's a really complicated and long story.
[SPEAKER_05]: With 1,500 pages, I can't imagine.
[SPEAKER_05]: So now with all that work, having gone into it with the script and your entire team of programmers and art and just everything that goes into this,
[SPEAKER_05]: Is it tough having spent all these hours and then having Vivendi come in and issue this cease and desist?
[SPEAKER_05]: What was your guys' reaction to this news?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, all this time we knew that it could happen and we were kind of ready for that to happen.
[SPEAKER_01]: As Phoenix Online Studios, we weren't going to stop working as a company, even if we had to change all the stuff that we had into something new.
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically, what we wanted to do was try to get Kings West Night to happen commercially.
[SPEAKER_01]: But in the case that it happened, we had a plan B where we basically could create our own game with everything that we had until that point.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, we would have to change a lot of the stuff that we have, but it is doable.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was kind of curious about that.
[SPEAKER_05]: When we first talked about this story, when it kind of hit the news a couple weeks ago, some of us had joked that, oh, well, they could take King's Quest and make it Queen's Journey or something by changing all the art and stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: So is that a realistic plan B?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I wouldn't say that because, I mean, uh, Prince Journey, that's a really good joke.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, but we will basically have to strip it off from a lot of stuff that it has, because we use a lot of the backstory of Team Quest.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like I say, we wanted to bring a cluster to the series, so if we were to make it a complete original game, we would have to work a lot on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it's doable, I mean, it's not impossible.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, so now I'm sure you're aware of this savekqix.org website where they're trying to get people to send letters to Vivendi to, you know, save this project.
[SPEAKER_05]: Are you willing to talk to Vivendi one-on-one, sit down at the table, try to work this out?
[SPEAKER_01]: We're basically already talking to Vivendi, but that's about all I can say at the moment because we are under a confidential agreement, so there's not much I can say about that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, um...
[SPEAKER_01]: The Save King Quest 9 side and all the fans that are trying to help out, I really appreciate their support.
[SPEAKER_01]: I want to take the time to thank them because everything that they've been doing has been working out.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I want to ask them too that if they're going to do it, be really nice to them because they're actually being nice to us.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, yeah, so no letters sending over to them like saying, you bastards shutting down the project, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, be professional, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Be professional.
[SPEAKER_01]: Think out what you're going to say.
[SPEAKER_01]: And especially because, I mean, we've only had all those rights, and they're in their right to...
[SPEAKER_01]: to protect them.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they've seen the work that we've been doing in Kings Quest, and now they're talking to us.
[SPEAKER_01]: But, I mean, what's going to happen, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: We'll just have to wait and see.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you very much and thank you very much for having me in the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, so it was very interesting to hear from Caesar and Matt, both involved in different capacities with the community around the King's Quest games.
[SPEAKER_05]: And what I think is really interesting about this whole thing, I mean, there's a really solid community behind these King's Quest games.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think, you know, at least me, my personal thoughts on King's Quest is like, it was one of those games I always appreciated and I thought was so much fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I always kind of wondered, gee, I wonder what ever happened to King's Quest.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why did they stop making King's Quest games?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know, is it just me that's feeling that way?
[SPEAKER_05]: Or, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why haven't they made most of the Sierra games?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, a lot of them have disappeared.
[SPEAKER_04]: Just, I don't know, like Space Quest, Police Quest.
[SPEAKER_05]: The only one I can think of that came out was Leisure Suit Larry, but that was kind of, it's not the same thing at all.
[SPEAKER_05]: And God, I hope, I hope that if Avendi continues King's Quest, it doesn't, I hope they stick to what made King's Quest work and the formula that was good for the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: But best of luck to these guys, definitely.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's really neat to see the community come together like that no matter what sub-community of the gaming culture it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just agree that the emails should be kept constructive.
[SPEAKER_05]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_05]: You could do damaging stuff to this if you don't keep your emails professional.
[SPEAKER_05]: Keep it professional.
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: So now, you know, EA's behind a lot of powerhouse games.
[SPEAKER_05]: They are going to be creating the Simpsons games now.
[SPEAKER_05]: So what do you think?
[SPEAKER_05]: Good news for the Simpsons?
[SPEAKER_05]: Bad news for the Simpsons?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't play Simpsons games?
[SPEAKER_02]: We can only wait and see.
[SPEAKER_04]: Can't be that bad, I suppose, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's really, I can't really make a distinction based on that because...
[SPEAKER_05]: who knows but I would like to see less parodies of existing games because that's kind of what the EA franchise or I mean not the EA the Simpsons franchise seems to have been built on the past couple games as parodies of existing I kind of want to see less of that and something original like a Simpsons game I don't know do you remember Bart's Nightmare on the Super Nintendo I actually own that game anyway forget it
[SPEAKER_05]: Some more details coming out this week on the brand new Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is a game coming out for the Nintendo DS.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to have wireless two-player action as well as mini-games for up to four players.
[SPEAKER_05]: And this is all coming out in the latest issue of Famitsu Magazine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Will it also include a playable copy of Mario Bros.?
[SPEAKER_04]: Like every other Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_04]: game that they've released in advance?
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know, although I can't see how it couldn't have it.
[SPEAKER_05]: But maybe they could make a touch element in here?
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this is going to be a versus mode that will be two players, and you can't do four players in the versus mode.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's only for the minigames.
[SPEAKER_05]: This new Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_05]: is going to use 3D graphics, but it's like a side-scrolling game, which I think is a great direction for the series.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think it's a little weird it's coming out on DS and not an actual system, because I remember the first time I played the Mario level inside Super Smash Bros.
[SPEAKER_05]: Melee.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was like, damn, they should make a game out of this.
[SPEAKER_05]: This looks great, and it plays wonderful.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, but it sounds like maybe they're kind of heading in this direction a little bit with the new Super Mario Brothers, so I am kind of excited.
[SPEAKER_04]: Loki, what do you got for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, not too much.
[SPEAKER_04]: Did want to mention, though, there was a press release put out by 2K Games, the people behind Elder Scrolls 4.
[SPEAKER_04]: Unfortunately, it looks like the Elder Scrolls 4 has been pushed back to the next
[SPEAKER_04]: To the next fiscal year for Take-Two, that would mean somewhere around, I don't know, next year.
[SPEAKER_04]: Unfortunately, after February, I believe the date I saw was like April or something.
[SPEAKER_04]: Very sad, because that was one of the games I was looking forward to.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other thing about the 360 is it's been rumored and actually kind of,
[SPEAKER_04]: and so on.
[SPEAKER_04]: on our live show actually we found out there are some places that you can find 360s if you haven't ordered one yet or really need to get one on launch day one of the places being Toys R Us is actually doing pre-orders on them you have to do a bundle but it's with a couple games
[SPEAKER_04]: Best Buy, Target, and Best Buy
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know if this is one of those have-to-have on launch day things.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't really feel like putting up with all this shortage crap to get one right away.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know how I feel about it now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I've already got mine ordered, so... I'm hoping, I've got to check with them tomorrow, because I'm going to go in and buy some more stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: To see if I'm actually getting it on launch day or not, because... I don't know, it's iffy.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm going to be very disappointed if I don't, because I did pre-order mine way in advance.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I've heard people that pre-ordered it back in June when they didn't even have two SKUs available.
[SPEAKER_04]: and even they aren't getting one on launch but then again that was an employee so things are gonna get ugly things are gonna get ugly and you know kind of hoping you know that uh if this all pans out you know like it is where there's tons of shortages all we need is another company like Sony or Nintendo to go hey guess what our system's coming out in a few months here you know pick one up if you're pissed off with this stuff you know we're gonna have better games anyways or something
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: It's really hard for me to really explain it unless you go and look at the images and it looks like it's right from the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Are you sure that they're not pictures of Silent Hill 5 on the PlayStation 3?
[SPEAKER_02]: No, because PlayStation 3 doesn't look that realistic.
[SPEAKER_05]: But these are good shots.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, for our European listeners, I have some news about the DS Wi-Fi connection hotspots.
[SPEAKER_02]: Over 7,500 Wi-Fi connection hotspots will be active in the UK from November 25th when Mario Kart DS launches there.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's actually the surface is going to be rolling out over the rest of Europe at that time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Places included Donald's, Coffee Republic, Hilton, Ramada Jarvis Hotels, Road Chef, Welcome Break, First Great Western Railway Station, over 25 student unions and city center, BT Payphones, airports, football stadiums, British Library, Canary Wharf,
[SPEAKER_05]: Where can't you go to get on?
[SPEAKER_02]: All over the place.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even pubs.
[SPEAKER_05]: What about McDonald's?
[SPEAKER_05]: Because, you know, that was big news here.
[SPEAKER_02]: I said that was the first thing I listed.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_05]: I missed that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's a... It was basically a...
[SPEAKER_02]: If our UK listeners want to see a little bit more on that, if you go to www.thecloud.net or www.btopenzone.com, there's some Wi-Fi hotspot maps there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Games also, another one mentioned that's available for the play on that, of course, is Tony Hawk's American Skateland, which will be released over there on November 18th.
[SPEAKER_02]: Speaking of release dates, I have release dates.
[SPEAKER_05]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry, I missed the other week.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course, Twisted Metal Head-On came out, Xenosaga Episode 2 came out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Coming out on the 11th, we are looking at Zook Tycoon 2, Battleground Europe, Bubble Bobble Revolution, Cold War, Crime Life, Gang Wars, Gun, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Legion Arena on PC, Lost in Blue on DS, Super Mario, Superstar Baseball, Nanostray.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sly 3, The Incredibles, The Matrix, Path of Neo, WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2006
[SPEAKER_05]: Super Princess Peach
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, it should be very interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's kind of a girl power type game, but as long as it's not done cheesy, it has the potential to be really good.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, I know a lot of people that will pick Peach in Mario Party just to dominate.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just to point out a few more of the notables coming out this month, Dr. Mario and Tetris Attack on the Game Boy Advance on the 25th, Soul Calibur 3 on the 18th, Sonic Rush on the 18th, Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness on the 18th, and Namco Museum Battle Collection.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also coming out Half-Life 2 on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was going to say that the... Oh, damn, I just lost it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, well, I know those are the UK dates.
[SPEAKER_04]: The thing is, I was going to say...
[SPEAKER_04]: I saw a ton of big games coming out this week, especially the Matrix and stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was surprised to see that they're getting the SmackDown vs. Raw before us, which is kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't think wrestling was as big of a deal anywhere else but here.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know.
[SPEAKER_05]: News to me.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, I found another notable.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shadow the Hedgehog on the 25th.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other thing I was going to mention, though, is Electroplankton, I heard, is only going to be available online or in the Nintendo Manhattan store.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you're not going to be able to find it in your local retailer.
[SPEAKER_05]: I have heard that same thing, that it's only going to be available online, which is a very strange way to sell the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know if they're trying to make a collector's item out of it or what, but...
[SPEAKER_05]: I know I'm going to pick it up.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm definitely interested in electroplankton.
[SPEAKER_05]: Looks like a fun game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway, DarkSakura, looks like you've got to run and go save the planet from invaders or something right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or at least save myself from an F in Dreamweaver class.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, your final thought for our listeners then tonight, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_02]: Do your homework.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do it early in the week.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, moving on.
[SPEAKER_05]: I want to talk about the PSP, because I just talked a few minutes ago about the DS games coming out first quarter.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, here's something that's going to be coming out for the PSP in not too long.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to be a Gradius collection.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's coming out on February 9th, and it's Gradius Portable.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a compilation of Gradius 1 through 4 and Gradius Gaiden.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to be coming out.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a straight port of the previous games, but they're going to be adding a few bonus features as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: And also, you can stretch to the widescreen, otherwise you can just play in its original aspect ratio so the game doesn't look all stretched.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you have the choice to do it either way.
[SPEAKER_04]: I thought it wasn't actually stretched.
[SPEAKER_04]: I thought there were new versions of the game available that were in the widescreen mode.
[SPEAKER_05]: I...
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, Gradius 1 and 2 will have the widescreen modes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, Gradius 1 and 2 will.
[SPEAKER_05]: The other ones, not so much.
[SPEAKER_05]: Got you.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, here's the biggest thing that's going to come with this, a save feature.
[SPEAKER_05]: So no more getting all the way to level 6 and losing all your lives in the end.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know what's kind of interesting about that?
[SPEAKER_05]: No Salamander or Life Force as it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: No Wi-Fi 2 player either.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, too bad.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe for the sequel.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe that's what they're holding out on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki, what else you got for us?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, speaking of the PSP, the PSP2TV...
[SPEAKER_04]: I believe was launched this week, or I should say is launching this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: They have had a few videos coming out showing how to install this thing, and oh my god, this is not for your average user of a PSP.
[SPEAKER_04]: You have to literally disassemble the entire thing, rip the guts out, put new guts back in, and you're done.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just, it's not pretty.
[SPEAKER_04]: But if you are out there and you want to spend $120 to pick this thing up, it does look pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: The graphics don't look that bad, but damn, it's definitely voiding the warranty on this thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: You have to have an electronics degree to be able to put this together.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, you know, it's actually all screws and no actually soldering anything or anything like that, but you are unhooking some ribbon cables and stuff that are very, very delicate and
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not for your average consumer to be able to do this stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now granted, if you do want to have some TV support and you're not willing to break open your PSP, there are some other options coming out.
[SPEAKER_04]: One being this thing that sticks over the entire screen and basically captures the video from the image.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not going to say that's going to be that great of a picture, but that's another option out there for you.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other thing which is interesting is there's a company working on mod chips right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're supposed to be released in a few weeks here for the PSP.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they're going to be sold on eBay starting off, and the price on those is supposed to be about $25.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that'll be interesting to check out.
[SPEAKER_04]: And supposedly it will allow Homebrew to be run on any version of the PSP.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now on the same note as Homebrew running on any version of the PSP, there's this brand new software coming out called PSP Advanced.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's basically a video software kind of very similar to iTunes where you can play most video formats and most audio formats.
[SPEAKER_04]: The thing that's interesting about this, though, is it's going to run on any version firmware.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they're saying that it might be on a UMD or something like that, but there's also a part that's on your memory stick.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's going to be exploited to run any homebrew.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's what's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: So pretty soon, firmware might not be an issue anymore of running homebrew, so...
[SPEAKER_04]: Very interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: What you guys have to say.
[SPEAKER_05]: And DarkSakura is always in there looking at the email bag.
[SPEAKER_05]: I've actually started helping her out recently, too, so I go in there sometimes as well because there's just so many of you guys with so many nice things to say.
[SPEAKER_05]: So keep them coming.
[SPEAKER_05]: We like getting emails.
[SPEAKER_05]: Doesn't everybody?
[SPEAKER_05]: We usually try to send one back because we know people like getting emails.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right, what else you got, Loki?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, the other things I was going to talk about, more of kind of the rumor control stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Someone was saying...
[SPEAKER_04]: or actually they were rumored to have a, that Microsoft was thinking about doing an Xbox portable.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think that's gonna happen anytime soon.
[SPEAKER_04]: So anyways, beyond that, this kind of ties in with some portable stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's really interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's this UK site, actually, BritishGaming.co.uk.
[SPEAKER_04]: They posted an article about a Resident Evil game.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's basically an online game that's...
[SPEAKER_04]: And, um...
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's kind of interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can find that at BritishGaming.co.uk.
[SPEAKER_05]: Will it have the same bad voice acting as the first game had?
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know about that.
[SPEAKER_05]: It sounds like it's based off RE4, so I guess not.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, probably not.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other thing is there's been tons of pictures, especially with the Xbox Lounge in Japan, of new faceplates coming out for the 360.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to be the first to say that faceplates for the 360 is the most retarded idea I've ever seen.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's... I don't get it myself, but at the same time, you know, well, the Game Boy Micro, I don't really get that either with the whole faceplate customization.
[SPEAKER_05]: It seems to be this interesting trend, but okay, whatever.
[SPEAKER_05]: It may not be for me, but some people are into this whole customize.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, if people customize their car, they might want to customize their consoles.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, if you're into faceplates, you can definitely pick some up for your most...
[SPEAKER_04]: These are official.
[SPEAKER_04]: And they're,
[SPEAKER_04]: Most faceplates are going to be about $14.90.
[SPEAKER_05]: See, I don't know if I dig those, because the only one that's kind of cool is that first one in the picture where it's them dueling in the lava from Episode 3, but the other ones, like the one that looks inspired by the classic Star Wars films, all the controller ports and stuff are running through the people's faces, so you can't even really see clearly what it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is Black Rain coming down on the Star Wars cast?
[SPEAKER_05]: Because it's hard to see.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other things that they have are World of Worlds themed stuff, Adidas, MTV's G-Spot, just a bunch of weird shit.
[SPEAKER_04]: But that's all going to be available at some point.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm sure you'll see these in your major retail stores.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think I'll stick with the standard white faceplate.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, I like the idea of faceplates.
[SPEAKER_04]: They showed a Project Gotham Racing 3 one, maybe included with a special edition of the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: That might be something cool to give away, but...
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not going to spend $15 to buy something.
[SPEAKER_04]: Especially if I'm going to buy a faceplate, it's going to be a blank one that I can design myself.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you know there's going to be a website.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know there's a Star Wars nut out there that can't wait to spend the $15 on this.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, these are the same people who buy those Star Wars themed Alienware PCs because they have the Star Wars stuff on the side.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyways, moving on from there.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other thing is, this week actually...
[SPEAKER_04]: Newsweek interviewed Miyamoto talking about what we can look forward to see in the revolution and where he sees gaming going from there.
[SPEAKER_04]: One of the comments that he made, though, was saying that he always envisioned that the console games would break out of the on-screen type of thing and basically fill up an entire room.
[SPEAKER_05]: You made a very interesting blog post about this, so you kind of came to a conclusion from this, huh?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well...
[SPEAKER_04]: Robert Rodriguez and Peter Jackson, all of them were saying, I believe it was Robert Rodriguez that commented saying that you're going to be seeing these in the theaters in the next coming years, but one game company has beat us to it, to the market, but you're going to see these things rolling out of the theaters soon.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, from what I can tell so far, Xbox obviously is not going to have anything for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sony doesn't have anything for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: They've also demoed something on the GameCube that was at E3 a couple years ago showing a stereoscopic 3D plugin for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: What do you think is going to be?
[SPEAKER_05]: So that combined with Miyamoto's comment about off the screen.
[SPEAKER_04]: He says that he wants it to basically take up the entire room.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you think about that controller, which is a 3D controller.
[SPEAKER_04]: And he said, this is all I can say about this at this time.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's big.
[SPEAKER_04]: To me, I think one of these things that they're going to announce, and I honestly think that everything about the revolution hasn't been said yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know that they've got stuff up their sleeves that they haven't said yet because everyone's really excited about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think that stereoscopic 3D as...
[SPEAKER_04]: I just, as long as it's not...
[SPEAKER_05]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_05]: But I'm thinking... But again, I guess if I had the time to sit through Captain EO when I was a kid, which is similar in a way, I'd have the time for a game.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I think though, I mean, Nintendo's known for gimmicky stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now granted, this is not really gimmicky.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is like the next stage in what, you know, cinema and stuff's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_05]: And you know... One step closer to a holodeck, really.
[SPEAKER_04]: Seriously, and I would think a 3D mouse or a 3D controller like that, it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's
[SPEAKER_04]: I'd be really surprised if they didn't do this.
[SPEAKER_04]: And this really is making sense that this is the direction it's going to go.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I think we're going to find out more once they've come up with these press conferences talking about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because this right here, once the PlayStation 3 comes out and all that stuff, this is really going to set them apart.
[SPEAKER_04]: Whether their specs may not be as powerful as the other systems, it's not going to matter anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're going to be in their own category.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're just going to be set apart from everybody else.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which would be revolutionary.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I think it would put them back in the lead, basically.
[SPEAKER_05]: Interesting theories.
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll see if any of them come true.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anything else for us tonight, Loki?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, that's pretty much what I've got.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's all the important stuff I hit up on.
[SPEAKER_04]: This month is going to be really crazy as far as games come in.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's really a doozy.
[SPEAKER_04]: Especially with next week, the week of the 14th.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's way too much stuff coming out.
[SPEAKER_04]: Way too much stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then you've got the 360 launch.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's going to be a busy month.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, it's that time of year when we're getting into Christmas and stuff, so not a surprise.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, and the other thing is Advent Children.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was supposed to be on the 10th.
[SPEAKER_04]: Date's still to be announced now, again.
[SPEAKER_04]: That thing keeps getting pushed back further and further.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because they have to think of a way to get people to buy the UMD or DVD now because everybody's pirated it off the internet.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, not everybody, but you know.
[SPEAKER_05]: They definitely took a hit by that getting leaked out and everything Of course they shouldn't have released it in one place way before they released it in another I don't know, maybe that's just me
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway, just a couple more stories for you guys tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: I want to talk about Metal Gear Acid 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, you know, in the previous Metal Gear games, there's usually been some type of fan-based competition.
[SPEAKER_05]: For instance, you could be a dog tag in Metal Gear Solid 2, or there was a camouflage design competition that they did for Metal Gear Solid 3.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, now what they're doing is a card creation competition for Metal Gear Acid 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: So if you think you have a name for a card, an image file...
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_05]: Also check out Konami's site to design cards for Metal Gear Acid 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: And some of them are going to turn up in the final game.
[SPEAKER_05]: So those of you creative folks might want to go check that out.
[SPEAKER_04]: That is pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm also glad to see that they're actually going to be bringing a Metal Gear Solid type game to the PSP.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not going to be just this Metal Gear Acid anymore, which is nice.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, now last story for you guys tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is kind of interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: Usually we end with a funny story, but this is not a funny story.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is just kind of one of those
[SPEAKER_05]: Gaming Culture Stories.
[SPEAKER_05]: There was actually in China, this is something that was being reported on Yahoo News China, there was a character in World of Warcraft, well not really a character because it was a human that was playing this of course, the name of the character was Snow Lee.
[SPEAKER_05]: This person died after playing World of Warcraft for several days straight during a national holiday.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well they had an online funeral service
[SPEAKER_05]: to basically commemorate the week anniversary of this person passing away.
[SPEAKER_05]: And what's very interesting is if you look at the screen capture, it's very solemn.
[SPEAKER_05]: It just shows all these characters kind of sitting and it kind of looks like they're all bowing their heads and they're all in these very neat lines.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's kind of
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know, it's very sad to see.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it's just very interesting to see the community coming together like that to honor somebody who is playing among them.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it also just goes to show, please, please, game in moderation, especially with these MMOs.
[SPEAKER_05]: Play for an hour, but then take a good 10-minute break.
[SPEAKER_05]: Go outside, get some air, lift some weights, do something.
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't always have to be 100% about the games.
[SPEAKER_05]: It can be 90% about the games, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: And finally, where would we be in a podcast without mentioning Jack Thompson?
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, just when I thought it was over.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: So what's going on is there's a homicide case that's actually, of course, with a kid, and they're using the Grand Theft Auto as saying that's the thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, one of the parts that the defense is actually kind of...
[SPEAKER_04]: I know this is really sophomoric, but only one word comes to mind right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's interesting, but sooner or later they're going to find out this guy's a quack.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, that's going to do it for another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_05]: To go check out our website, by the way, www.orangeloungeradio.com
[SPEAKER_05]: We look forward to seeing what you guys
[SPEAKER_05]: Check that out and plot yourself on the map and show us what regional areas we should be covering more.
[SPEAKER_04]: And also, this week I believe Jamie's going to the Podcast Awards.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, she won't be here.
[SPEAKER_05]: We touched on that a little earlier in the show.
[SPEAKER_05]: She won't be here next week because of the Podcast Awards, but she'll be having fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm very envious.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh well.
[SPEAKER_05]: But thanks to everybody out there who voted for us and loved us.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was nice.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Final thoughts, Loki?
[SPEAKER_04]: We're going to be on the news on Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not we, you are.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to be on the news on Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_04]: I hope they don't catch me saying something retarded.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know that they've got me saying something stupid like it's so much fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know you're going to give me a call that day to laugh at me.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm sure they'll be on a later show.
[SPEAKER_05]: Check that.
[SPEAKER_05]: There's more on the forums on that if you're curious about what's going on with all that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Loki and DarkSakura being on the local news.
[SPEAKER_05]: My final thought is I need zinc and vitamin C because I think I'm coming down with a cold.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's time to end this show because it's just making me sicker.
[SPEAKER_05]: I get to be sick.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you guys very much for listening and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_05]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Have a great week.
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
[SPEAKER_03]: This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
[SPEAKER_03]: See you next update.